README.md, before:

<p align='center'>
  <h5 align='center'>ABOUT</h5>
  <p align='center'>
    Run Minecraft natively on Apple Silicon 🙌
  </p>
</p>

<p align='center'>
  <a href='https://example.com'>
    <img src='https://img.shields.io/badge/status-ready-black?style=for-the-badge' height='25'>
  </a>
  <a href='https://example.com'>
    <img src='https://img.shields.io/badge/build-success-black?style=for-the-badge' height='25'>
  </a>
  <a href='https://doc.rust-lang.org/1.0.0/style/'>
    <img src='https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-rustlang-black?style=for-the-badge' height='25'>
  </a>
</p>

### [Installation Steps](https://raph.codes/projects/m1necraft)

☝️

Run Minecraft natively on Apple Silicon, easily.
Optimizations to the Minecraft installation are also pre-configured to give you the best performance and stability.
Everything from the launcher to the actual game is optimized well enough such that you can literally just launch and play.

Mods are supported with this, just like the original game.

The code is seperated into 3 parts: API, GUI, CLI.

#### API

A unit-testable API that encapsulates all the core functions of the program. It gives the GUI the same functionality as the CLI.

#### GUI

A graphical interface that makes use of the macOS Cocoa APIs to show a nice UI that users can use to interface with the application.

#### CLI

A command line interface, very useful for testing and automating the functionality of the program.

## Build instructions

You'll have to run `cargo build --bin m1necraft`, where bin should specify which binary you want to run, or just run `cargo build` to build everything.

## Attributions

Built using [cargo-bundle](https://github.com/burtonageo/cargo-bundle).

The inspiration for this came from [this gist](https://gist.github.com/tanmayb123/d55b16c493326945385e815453de411a). Credits to [Tanmay Bakshi](https://github.com/tanmayb123) for doing this.

Thanks to [Patrik Svoboda](https://twitter.com/patrikthedev) for helping me out with Swift stuff.

Application icons from [Maxime Nicoul](https://dribbble.com/maximenicoul).

Commit message:

Added proper development and release instructions

README.md, after:

<p align='center'>
  <h5 align='center'>ABOUT</h5>
  <p align='center'>
    Run Minecraft natively on Apple Silicon 🙌
  </p>
</p>

<p align='center'>
  <a href='https://example.com'>
    <img src='https://img.shields.io/badge/status-ready-black?style=for-the-badge' height='25'>
  </a>
  <a href='https://example.com'>
    <img src='https://img.shields.io/badge/build-success-black?style=for-the-badge' height='25'>
  </a>
  <a href='https://doc.rust-lang.org/1.0.0/style/'>
    <img src='https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-rustlang-black?style=for-the-badge' height='25'>
  </a>
</p>

### [Installation Steps](https://raph.codes/projects/m1necraft)

☝️

Run Minecraft natively on Apple Silicon, easily.
Optimizations to the Minecraft installation are also pre-configured to give you the best performance and stability.
Everything from the launcher to the actual game is optimized well enough such that you can literally just launch and play.

Mods are supported with this, just like the original game.

The code is seperated into 3 parts: API, GUI, CLI.

#### API

A unit-testable API that encapsulates all the core functions of the program. It gives the GUI the same functionality as the CLI.

#### GUI

A graphical interface that makes use of the macOS Cocoa APIs to show a nice UI that users can use to interface with the application.

#### CLI

A command line interface, very useful for testing and automating the functionality of the program.

## Developer instructions

### Build instructions

You'll have to run `cargo build --bin m1necraft`, where bin should specify which binary you want to run, or just run `cargo build` to build everything.

### Creating releases

In this repository, releases are automatically built and published when a new tag is created. Create a new Git tag, push it, and a new release will automatically be built.

After the new tag has been pushed, you'll also need to update the Homebrew formula.
Increment the version in the tarball URL and push the changes.

## Attributions

Built using [cargo-bundle](https://github.com/burtonageo/cargo-bundle).

The inspiration for this came from [this gist](https://gist.github.com/tanmayb123/d55b16c493326945385e815453de411a). Credits to [Tanmay Bakshi](https://github.com/tanmayb123) for doing this.

Thanks to [Patrik Svoboda](https://twitter.com/patrikthedev) for helping me out with Swift stuff.

Application icons from [Maxime Nicoul](https://dribbble.com/maximenicoul).
